we've hit in a number of
camouflage people in the scenery
around this ghost town
get ready to watch a sequence of
camera angles from around town
how many hidden people can you
spot
thank you got them all
did you see six you maybe saw
this guy or this woman but there
were probably some you didn't
spot like this one or these two
sure didn't make it easy just
how powerful is camouflage as a
survival tool
take a look at the Zebras
standing together in the field
can you count how many zebras
are there
there are six zebras in a shot
at the uniformity of their black
and white stripes makes it tough
to tell them apart
right but how we're scene is
just as important as how we see